some ninety-nine the Lord reigns let the
some ninety-nine the Lord reigns let the peoples tremble he dwells between the
peoples tremble he dwells between the
peoples tremble he dwells between the cherubim
cherubim
cherubim let the earth be moved
let the earth be moved
let the earth be moved the Lord is great in Zion and he is high
the Lord is great in Zion and he is high
the Lord is great in Zion and he is high above all the peoples let them praise
above all the peoples let them praise
above all the peoples let them praise your great and awesome name he is holy
your great and awesome name he is holy
your great and awesome name he is holy the Kings strength also loves justice
the Kings strength also loves justice
the Kings strength also loves justice you have established equity you have
you have established equity you have
you have established equity you have executed justice and righteousness in
executed justice and righteousness in
executed justice and righteousness in Jacob exalted the Lord our God and
Jacob exalted the Lord our God and
Jacob exalted the Lord our God and worship at his footstool he is holy
worship at his footstool he is holy
worship at his footstool he is holy Moses and Aaron were among his priests
Moses and Aaron were among his priests
Moses and Aaron were among his priests and Samuel was among those who called
and Samuel was among those who called
and Samuel was among those who called upon his name they called upon the Lord
upon his name they called upon the Lord
upon his name they called upon the Lord and he answered them he spoke to them in
and he answered them he spoke to them in
and he answered them he spoke to them in the cloudy pillar they kept his
the cloudy pillar they kept his
the cloudy pillar they kept his testimonies and the ordinance he gave
testimonies and the ordinance he gave
testimonies and the ordinance he gave them you answered them O Lord our God
them you answered them O Lord our God
them you answered them O Lord our God you were to them God who forgives though
you were to them God who forgives though
you were to them God who forgives though you took vengeance on their deeds
you took vengeance on their deeds
you took vengeance on their deeds exalt the Lord our God and worship at
exalt the Lord our God and worship at
exalt the Lord our God and worship at his holy hill for the Lord our God is
his holy hill for the Lord our God is
his holy hill for the Lord our God is holy
holy
holy [Music]